Update docs (#389)
canonical/github-runner-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribute

## Overview

This document explains the processes and practices recommended for contributing enhancements to the GitHub Runner operator.

* Generally, before developing enhancements to this charm, you should consider [opening an issue](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/issues) explaining your use case.

> * If you would like to chat with us about your use-cases or proposed implementation, you can reach us at [Canonical Mattermost public channel](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev) or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you would like to chat with us about your use-cases or proposed implementation, you can reach us at [Canonical Charm Development Matrix public channel](https://matrix.to/#/#charmhub-charmdev:ubuntu.com) or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).
```

  * code quality
  * test coverage
  * user experience for Juju administrators of this charm.
For more details, check our [contributing guide](https://github.com/canonical/is-charms-contributing-guide/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Developing

For any problems with this charm, please [report bugs here](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/issues).

The code for this charm can be downloaded as follows:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator.git
```

Prior to working on the charm ensure juju is connected to an LXD cloud,  see the [upstream documentation](https://juju.is/docs/lxd-cloud) for details.

### Testing

This project uses `tox` for managing test environments. There are some pre-configured environments
that can be used for linting and formatting code when you're preparing contributions to the charm:

* `tox`: Runs all of the basic checks (`lint`, `unit`, `static`, and `coverage-report`).
* `tox -e fmt`: Runs formatting using `black` and `isort`.
* `tox -e lint`: Runs a range of static code analysis to check the code.
* `tox -e static`: Runs other checks such as `bandit` for security issues.
* `tox -e unit`: Runs the unit tests.

> * `tox -e integration`: Runs the integration tests.

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning that this doesn't work locally out of the box, you need an Openstack cloud for some tests and a lot of arguments. So better mention this and remove the line. Even better: You could find out which tests are suitable to run locally and with which arguments (probably most of the LXD suitable tests) and include it here.

Author: Added a note that says: `Integration tests require a lot of arguments, secrets and OpenStack client so they would not work well locally.`

* `tox -e unit`: Runs the unit tests.
* `tox -e integration`: Runs the integration tests.

> > NOTE: Integration tests require a lot of arguments, secrets and OpenStack client so they would not work well locally.

Reviewer: Maybe better something like
```suggestion
> NOTE: Integration tests are currently intended to run on the CI and may not work locally without further argument.
```
